# Cerbo

**Current version** : 0.0.1 a.k.a. não


Cerbo (pronounce /t͡serbo/) is a CMS/CMF to easily create and extends
web sites.

> Otherwise, cerbo means "brain" in esperanto. Just because *Cerbo*
> is the only CMS zombies wants to use !

## Requirements

* PHP >= 5.2.4

But you will need to use the *ugly* version who can be generated from
current source code with :

    generate_ugly_version.sh

If you want to use a clean version (with namespaces) and *phar* version
of the extensions (this is absolutly not mandatory) :

* PHP >= 5.3

## Get Files

### Get files from archives

By visiting the following page : https://github.com/martin-damien/cerbo/downloads

### Clone git project

to clone the project you must remember to fetch submodules too :

    git clone git://github.com/martin-damien/cerbo.git
    cd cerbo
    git submodule init 
    git submodule update

or

    git clone --recursive git://github.com/martin-damien/cerbo.git

## ToDo

### Content structures

* A structure could inherit from another one. This way you could
    have very generic elements that are used to handle while
    adding new elements for specific cases. (It allows too create
    generic templates that extends others too easily).
* Structures are dynamic and can be made of different datatypes
    (the datatypes are defined in the kernel and in dedicated
    extensions).

### Cache

* **Requests** : They should be stored in a PHP file to avoid the
    long data extraction and get the page faster.
* **Content** : Content should be stored in `var/cache` will
    re-creating datatree.
* **Routes** : Routes should be cached too.
